Warm up before measuring the throughput (#401)
cms-patatrack/pixeltrack-standalone: README.md

#### `hip` and `hiptest`

`hip` and `hiptest` are ports of the `cuda` and `cudatest` programs to HIP,
built for the AMD ROCm backend.

The path to ROCm can be set with `ROCM_BASE` variable.

The use of caching allocator can be disabled at compile time setting the
`HIP_DISABLE_CACHING_ALLOCATOR` preprocessor symbol:
```
make hip ... USER_CXXFLAGS="-DHIP_DISABLE_CACHING_ALLOCATOR"
```

If the caching allocator is disabled and HIP/ROCm version is 5.2 or greater is detected,

> device allocations and deallocations will use the stream-ordered CUDA functions
> `cudaMallocAsync` and `cudaFreeAsync`. Their use can be disabled explicitly at

Reviewer: there is a typo in the README
```suggestion
device allocations and deallocations will use the stream-ordered HIP functions
`hipMallocAsync` and `hipFreeAsync`. Their use can be disabled explicitly at
```

Author: Thanks, should be fixed.
